Solution to Cloudflare Blocking SQL File Uploads


When uploading an SQL file to the server via phpMyAdmin triggers a Cloudflare block, follow these two key steps to allow your IP and enable the import safely:

                                                                                  1. Check Firewall Events in Cloudflare
Navigate to the Cloudflare dashboard.

Go to Security > Firewall > Overview.

Review recent firewall events to identify if and why your IP or requests to the import URL are being blocked.

Note the specific firewall rules or actions triggering the block for better troubleshooting.

                                                                                  2. Whitelist Your IP Address with a Custom Firewall Rule
In Cloudflare dashboard, go to Security > WAF (Web Application Firewall) > Managed Rules > Custom Rules (or Security > Firewall > Tools depending on your Cloudflare plan).

Create a New Custom Rule with the following settings:

Rule name:
e.g., Allow My IP for Import

Expression:
Use the Edit expression option and enter the combined expression to allow your IP only on the import URL:

plaintext
Copy
(ip.src eq 192.168.1.5 and http.request.uri contains "/index.php?route=/server/import")
Replace YOUR_IP_ADDRESS with your actual public IP (find it at https://whatismyipaddress.com).

Action:
Select Skip

WAF Components to skip:
Check at least one, for example, All managed rules (this is required for the Skip action).

Log matching requests:
Enable this to monitor the rule’s effect.

Place at:
Select First to ensure highest priority.

Deploy the rule.

Important Notes
This rule will only disable Cloudflare WAF checks for your IP address when accessing the specific import URL, minimizing security risks.

Make sure your IP is static or update the rule if your IP changes.

Keep monitoring firewall logs to ensure no unexpected traffic bypasses protection.

After completing the import, you can disable or adjust the rule if desired for added security.

This method safely allows you to upload SQL files without broad reduction in security or exposing your entire site.

